Ref:  https://www.khanacademy.org/math/statistics-probability/inference-categorical-data-chi-square-tests/chi-square-goodness-of-fit-tests/v/chi-square-distribution-introduction

Python Ex:  https://es.coursera.org/lecture/data-analysis-tools/python-lesson-2-chi-square-test-of-independence-in-practice-MWLEx


Chi-Squared Test for Feature Selection
https://towardsdatascience.com/chi-squared-test-for-feature-selection-with-implementation-in-python-65b4ae7696db

X2 Distribtion:	Sample from standard normal distribution and square 
		this value.  The distribution of this new value
		has a chi-squared distribution.

Degrees of Freedom:	
		Depends on the number of variables that we are sampling.
		So 2 DF would be the sampling of two variables from a 
		standard normall distribution. 
		You square each and add them together to get the new
		X2 distribution with degrees of freedom of 2. 
		 

X2 Distribution:
		Very likely to get a value close to 0 since the mean of 
		a normal dist is 0.  It is very unlikely to get a large
		value. 
		The curve moderates as the DF increases. 
		The more degrees of freedom the more symmetric the dist
		becomes. 
		Also, note that you can't have a value below zero since
		we are squaring the values. 

X2 Dist Table	Shows the probabilities associated with getting a value
		larger than a given value w/ n number of DFs. 



Test:		We would need to have a binary target variable, 
		loss or not, and our explanatory variable can have
		any number of categories. 

		Looking for a large chi-suqared value and a low 
		p-value.  This will tell us if the explanatory and
		response are related and the extent of that 
		relationship.
		Rows should be response, columns should be 
		explanatory. 
		 

When to use the X2 Test?
		When the data type of our feature to be tested and 
		the target variable are both categorical, i.e. we have
		a classification problem. 

Decide whether to reject or keep our null hypothesis
		In simple words if our p value is less than the 
		significance value we reject the Null Hypothesis 
		and if our p value is greater than the significance 
		value we do not reject it.





